[DOCS-8783] Updated Funnels and Pathways for Product Analytics (#27179)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/product_analytics/journeys/pathways.md

---
title: Pathways
aliases:
- /real_user_monitoring/product_analytics/sankey
- /product_analytics/sankey
- /product_analytics/journeys/sankey
further_reading:
- link: '/product_analytics/journeys'
  tag: Documentation
  text: Journeys
- link: '/dashboards/widgets/sankey/'
  tag: Documentation
  text: Build Sankey widgets in Dashboards
---

{{< callout url="http://datadoghq.com/private-beta/product-analytics" header="false" >}}
All features in Product Analytics are in limited availability. To request access, complete the form.
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

> Pathway diagrams allows you to visualize all user journeys across your application to analyze the critical path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Pathway diagrams to visualize all user journeys across your application to analyze the critical path.
```

{{< img src="/product_analytics/journeys/pathways/pathways-overview.png" alt="The default Pathways diagram for an app" style="width:90%;" >}}

> Each node represents a view the user visited. The thickness of each node represents the count of user sessions on that page. A page with fewer visitors have a thinner node in the diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each node represents a view the user visited. The thickness of each node represents the count of user sessions on that page. A page with fewer visitors has a thinner node in the diagram.
```

If a user visits the same page multiple times during their session, that page is only counted once.

Actions are not supported in the Pathways diagram.

## Build a Pathways diagram

### View the default diagram

1. Navigate to [**Product Analytics > User Journeys**][1].

> 2. Click **Pathways** if it's not already selected. This displays the default visualization, which represents the most popular user journeys in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Pathways** if it's not already selected. This displays the default visualization that represents the most popular user journeys in your application.
```

### Start or end the diagram at a given view

> You can use the lefthand menu to customize this diagram to display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the left menu to customize this diagram and display:
```

To match multiple routes, type a wildcard instead of choosing a single view name. The example below displays the five steps that users take after visiting any view matching `/department/*`:

{{< img src="/product_analytics/journeys/pathways/pathways-wildcard.png" alt="A Pathways diagram that uses a wildcard to match several routes" style="width:90%;" >}}

## Analyze a Pathways diagram

You can hover over a diagram node to view the number of sessions that included visits to that view.

Click a node for a list of analysis options, such as viewing a sample [Session Replay][3] or building a Pathways diagram that starts with that view.

{{< img src="/product_analytics/journeys/pathways/pathways-node.png" alt="The actions menu of a Pathways diagram node" style="width:90%;" >}}

### Convert the diagram to a funnel

1. From the Pathways diagram page, click the **Build Funnel** button.
2. In the Pathways diagram, click the nodes of the views you want to include in the funnel.
3. Click **Create Funnel from Selection**.

{{< img src="/product_analytics/journeys/pathways/pathways-build-funnel.png" alt="A Pathway to funnel conversion in process" style="width:90%;" >}}

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Opinion: You're probably going to want to create a separate Troubleshooting topic soon. Even if it only has one or two things in it to start, it's more valuable as a separate topic, imo.

Author: Hi @michaelcretzman thanks so much for your feedback. I think this is a good suggestion. Will create a new troubleshooting page now. Thanks!

> ### The Pathways diagram and the funnel show different view counts for the same view

Reviewer: really good section. Comparing settings is really helpful. It's something I struggled with when learning site analytics.
